Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how you doing,
Johnny Roberts: I'm doing pretty good. Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Whether that's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it because of sickness or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it
Johnny Roberts: Drag it over to you.
Johnny Roberts: Know, walking pneumonia.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, see,
Johnny Roberts: Johnny. That's why I've had a long time that
You have
Johnny Roberts: Got my days are good ones and bad ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're seeing a doctor for it regularly.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Johnny Roberts: Want to put me off wouldn't go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you're taking the medication that gave you
Johnny Roberts: Antibiotics and so I got
Johnny Roberts: I gotta go get some more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead.
With
Johnny Roberts: Like an appointment with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, good. We'll make sure that you follow through, saying, get rid of this stuff you've had it for a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are
Johnny Roberts: You there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Johnny Roberts: I can hear you. But I can't see you.
Johnny Roberts: There you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've had
Johnny Roberts: Quite a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Just
Johnny Roberts: crept up on me. I guess just a little bit too worn out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got to take care of yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Johnny Roberts: Or thought I was
Johnny Roberts: Maybe not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe not. Um. How have things been since you've been back home.
Johnny Roberts: Too many drugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have you been doing since you got back home.
Johnny Roberts: Getting some things done here and there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, make sure you
Johnny Roberts: Just haven't got my truck back on the road yet, but it'll get there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you feeling, emotion wise.
Johnny Roberts: But same time like there.
Johnny Roberts: Was telling. I just didn't know when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: We all got to do it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get to spend time with her before she went
Johnny Roberts: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Johnny Roberts: I talked to her on the phone for the average, you know,
Johnny Roberts: Just got too much going on, you know, can't just take off and leave when I want to like I used to.
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: House dogs can
Johnny Roberts: Take care of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you have somebody stately house or something while you were gone.
Johnny Roberts: A friend of mine. Stay here till
Johnny Roberts: He's
Johnny Roberts: Done.
Johnny Roberts: He's a good friend we argue a bit. We're good friends.
Johnny Roberts: Might your dad have tools back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So right now is really going to be important time for you to really take it a little bit easy and try to let your body heal, you know, and with you going through this this loss that plays a factor in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your emotional well being, which plays a factor in your physical well being.
Johnny Roberts: Which is why I left home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Johnny Roberts: Do you want to be around it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Didn't want to be around what
Johnny Roberts: People die.
Johnny Roberts: She went under sleep, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's one part of life that we dread the most that is inevitable, you know, at some point.
Johnny Roberts: Really don't dread it. I mean, I know it's going to happen. Just don't know when you know
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: What do you say, yeah good day to die. Oh.
Johnny Roberts: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I see you still have your sense of humor.
Johnny Roberts: Always have that as smart so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's alright. It's alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does make you who you are.
Very much so.
Johnny Roberts: It makes me. Who would want to
Johnny Roberts: Be an asshole and a smart as all on the same day.
Johnny Roberts: Also, I worked very hard at not leave me alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I'm not. I want you to be. I want you to know that you know you're supported through this whole thing. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Fridge, you know, they're proud of me to
Johnny Roberts: Four months now.
Johnny Roberts: Well, what
Johnny Roberts: Be starting five months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep up the good work.
Johnny Roberts: Like, like I said, I want to do something I do it.
Johnny Roberts: One thing I've always been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was your dragon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Most of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think that I heard you say a little bit ago that you think that maybe that's a direct result of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your pneumonia.
Johnny Roberts: No, not carrying out running around all my long
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: We had something to do with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Breathing treatments and stuff.
Johnny Roberts: No.
Just
Johnny Roberts: That and some little some little pills supposed to dry up.
Johnny Roberts: drives it up. All right. Nick comes up in chunks.
Johnny Roberts: Conference.
Johnny Roberts: Coming up my nose everywhere else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's got to get out of there.
Johnny Roberts: Was killing one way or the other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, very much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, they're running for the hill, there were a little golf Musa next slimeball guy.
The commercial
Johnny Roberts: Everywhere. We're flying everywhere and troll they walk out of there.
I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you have you been taking it easy.
Johnny Roberts: Well, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: We're getting a little warmer here now. So it's not so bad, just cold air tears me up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When are you gonna go get your antibiotics.
Johnny Roberts: Actually, the doctor again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. You're, you're currently still on antibiotics or your you've done when you're done with the antibiotics. God gave you
Johnny Roberts: Have done was what he gave me no, I just got to make an appointment to see him again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, don't put it off.
Johnny Roberts: Oh wasn't okay
Johnny Roberts: It's important that you got there on Wednesdays and Thursdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important that you stay on top of it. So it doesn't, you know, get any worse, you know,
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, I know that I've had it once before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, how long gone.
Johnny Roberts: Over 20 years, if not more.
Johnny Roberts: You know, I worked. I've worked outside all my life, you know, in the snow and rain nice rode motorcycles and everything else. So, you know, this is part of my life, I guess.
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: I had what, this is a different kind of cold, you know, from where I'm from. I'm from it's damp cold, you know, this is a dry cut you to bone cold here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's different.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, there's no no air in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now Mr either
Johnny Roberts: That's what I'm saying. Nowhere in
Johnny Roberts: Your store, you could go outside, cut it with a fork, you know, Callaway he made it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: I don't listen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you.
Johnny Roberts: I don't miss it at all.
Johnny Roberts: I'm just the green and stuff. I guess one of the moves the desert. That's what I get brown
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Brown. Yeah. You go from greens to browns. When you get into the desert, for sure.
Johnny Roberts: Well, I like to
Johnny Roberts: always come back out here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey what Dr.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr. Amen. Right.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Howard. Are you medication.
Johnny Roberts: They actually help help my hurt and worse. Better than does anything
Johnny Roberts: Sometimes I won't, I won't take through a Dave, I don't feel like I needed. I don't take it.
Johnny Roberts: Lightly to take a half one or something.
Johnny Roberts: And then three days of their days where I want to eat about 10 of them.
Johnny Roberts: hurt so bad because actually they help us and everything else.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah. Actually, let me move around for some days.
Johnny Roberts: You don't want to move around her so bad. Oh, you know, been in the body cast three times.
Johnny Roberts: In total, I was lucky to be alive in your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, you've been through a lot, huh.
Johnny Roberts: Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So do you have enough medication to get to Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To
Johnny Roberts: Use it to me.
Johnny Roberts: Yep.
Johnny Roberts: Okay. Use it went from Friday. Friday, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Which works out because my insurance was getting all
Johnny Roberts: For four or five just dating or if you could try to get it filled pharmacist wanted to check on it and this and that and want to know why was getting so many this day and then not getting done and getting six. The next day or something, you know,
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: They were getting a little weird on that.
Yeah, they do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. They've got to keep it in stock and it's a they consider it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know if they can consider it a controlled substance. I think they do.
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: News.
Johnny Roberts: So,
Dude,
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, but it was like gear for a while because everything was kind of just back and forth, right, with we weren't connected
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because of the time and
Johnny Roberts: Like I get six one day and then you give me like 12 or something, you know, the next time the next day. Good job. See you on Thursday. And, you know,
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: You just got it. You got confusing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is this time work for you as far as seeing me weekly at this time.
Johnny Roberts: No things pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm just going to keep
You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Johnny Roberts: You
Johnny Roberts: Told me two o'clock. My time your search bar, your job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To hug my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have back to back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did I tell you two o'clock, your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did I tell you your
Johnny Roberts: Wednesday at two o'clock I wrote it down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I apologize.
Johnny Roberts: That's why I always add to your time or my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know what it is about the, I mean I, for some reason, my brain cannot comprehend that our difference it's it's weird, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One hour difference
Johnny Roberts: I go 20 miles down the road at your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is
Johnny Roberts: Without
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 20 miles down the road.
Johnny Roberts: Yo 40 miles to the Texas border.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That were
Johnny Roberts: On the Panhandle with the call.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Johnny Roberts: No, really. There's Texas.
Johnny Roberts: Texas.
Johnny Roberts: Draft holes.
Johnny Roberts: There's bunch of people. Yeah, they friendly I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 20 miles away.
Johnny Roberts: Stay 20 miles away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Johnny. Is there anything that I can do to help you through this process right now.
Johnny Roberts: No, I'm pretty good with it. I mean, I'm dealing with it. That's all I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're okay. And you're okay with slowing down and taking care of yourself a little bit right now.
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's why I said right now just, you know, let your body heal.
Johnny Roberts: Your friends. You know when your turn into a hermit. Hey, will you think I got the name little beer. I'm Hibernate now leave me alone.
Johnny Roberts: Bring it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you need this time right now though, so your body can heal.
Johnny Roberts: Do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't forget, I'm here. If you want to cry. If you want to talk about, you know, the stuff that's happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is a place for you to be able to do it. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Well, I know that.
Johnny Roberts: I did all that tonight. I got drunk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you woke up the next morning hungover and Feeling Like Crap.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, more or less.
Johnny Roberts: Pardon me for a minute.
Now, it's okay.
Johnny Roberts: Go wash the chin down. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm gonna let you go so that you can rest.
Johnny Roberts: Alrighty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and
Johnny Roberts: I have some more jokes on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. I hope so. I hope you're feeling better. By then, too.
Johnny Roberts: Who's the new guy that was in there. On Friday, yes. I didn't meet him yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which one
Johnny Roberts: The one who said he relapsed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't remember.
Johnny Roberts: I don't either.
Johnny Roberts: I don't remember him. I mean, I pretty much. Remember everybody you know I didn't say much. Sometimes I just listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, he'll be back. Hopefully this Friday so you'll be able to get to know them a little bit
Johnny Roberts: Get a little bit more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so.
Johnny Roberts: Let's see if you let the idiots out there. They're dragging right back down to the bottom of the barrel with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's true.
Johnny Roberts: I've learned know
Johnny Roberts: Nobody likes seeing you do well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right in
Johnny Roberts: The world.
Johnny Roberts: In the world we run around.
Johnny Roberts: Mm hmm. Now they want to keep us on their level they keep it. You know what they want.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's true. You're right.
You're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to take care of you.
On
Johnny Roberts: Health or take care of myself and we'll take care of a grown ass man. That's damn sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. You need to take care of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your in your puppies.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, one of the we're asleep, those standards or we're looking at me.
Probably happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: She can't get up on the bed. Let's help her up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what she had would they happy when he got home, but
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Sure to push me off the bed twice.
Johnny Roberts: I gotta, I gotta go. When you clean right and I sleep on this much of it.
Johnny Roberts: Got the rest of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds right. Very much so. But I bet you can think keep you warm when it's cold out.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Johnny. I'm gonna let you go. And I want you to get some rest. Okay. And make sure you make that doctor's appointment.
Johnny Roberts: I will probably won't be till next week, but I'll give him a call here in a few minutes.
Johnny Roberts: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will see you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you Friday and group.
Johnny Roberts: It's a date.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I will see you then.
Johnny Roberts: Have a good Where do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He, he, to buy Johnny
Johnny Roberts: What